c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Cotizaciones.exe.config
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Cotizaciones.exe
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Cotizaciones.pdb
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Nancy.dll
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Nancy.Hosting.Self.dll
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Nancy.xml
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Nancy.Hosting.Self.xml
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\obj\Debug\Cotizaciones.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\obj\Debug\Cotizaciones.exe
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\obj\Debug\Cotizaciones.pdb
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Views\index.html
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Views\login.html
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\app.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\config\config.app.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\config\config.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\capacitacion.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\experiencia.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\formacion.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\idioma.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\menu.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\profile.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\registro.controller.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\controllers\registro.controller2.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\filters\date.filter.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\filters\tipo.filter.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\filters\total.filter.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\index.html
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\services\utils\mask.service.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\services\utils\notification.service.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\services\utils\tab.service.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\services\utils\utils.service.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\services\utils\validation.service.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\bootstrap.min.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\datepicker.min.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\flaticon.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\font-awesome.min.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\jquery.notify.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\login.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\main.min.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\prettify.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\reset.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\select2-bootstrap.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\select2.min.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\selectize.bootstrap3.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\selectize.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\simple-sidebar.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\styles.css
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\flaticon.svg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.svg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.svg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\AA_Paquete.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\AA_Slipt Ducto.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\AA_split pared.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\AA_split piso techo.gif
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\AA_ventana.JPG
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\aire_acondicionado_nov.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\cabecera-foto.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\Copia de icono.png
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\flecha.gif
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\logo1.png
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\logo2.png
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\logo_construccion.png
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\quienessomos.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\servicios.JPG
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\img\servicios2.jpg
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\angular-route.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\angular.locale.es.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\angular.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\bootstrap.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\datepicker.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\jquery.easing.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\jquery.inputmask.bundle.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\jquery.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\jquery.notify.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\jspdf.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\main.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\moment.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\moment.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\prettify.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\select2.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\selectize.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\string.min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\js\taffy-min.js
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\capacitacion.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\contacto.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\experiencia.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\formacion.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\idioma.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\inicio.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\mensaje.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\app\views\registrocotizacion.jsp
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\css\bootstrap.min.csss
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\flaticon.ttf
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\flaticon.woff
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.eot
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.ttf
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.woff
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.woff2
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\FontAwesome.otf
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.eot
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.ttf
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff
c:\users\clopez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cotizaciones\Cotizaciones\bin\Debug\Content\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff2
